[ADD] Inventory: Shiprocket integration v19 (#18239)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/shipping_receiving/setup_configuration/shiprocket.rst

:guilabel:`Listings`, and :guilabel:`Courier`, then click :guilabel:`Apply`. Finally, click
:guilabel:`Create User` to add the user.

Copy the API password from the *Your API Password* window.

.. image:: shiprocket/api-password.png
   :alt: Click the Copy token icon to copy the password to the device's clipboard.

.. _inventory/shiprocket/sales-channel:

Create sales channel
--------------------

From the sidebar, navigate to :menuselection:`Setup & Manage --> Channels`. On the *Sales Channels*
page, click :guilabel:`Connect New Channel`. In the *Shopping Carts* section, click the
:guilabel:`Add` button under the *Manual* heading. The *Manual* settings page opens.

Specify a :guilabel:`Channel Name`, such as `Odoo`. Click :guilabel:`Save Channel & Test
Connection`.

.. image:: shiprocket/sales-channel.png
   :alt: Create a sales channel.

.. _inventory/shiprocket/enable-couriers:

Configure couriers
------------------

From the sidebar, navigate to :menuselection:`Setup & Manage --> Courier`. On the *Courier
Selection* page, enable or disable shipping couriers.

.. image:: shiprocket/courier-selection.png
   :alt: Toggle couriers to select them on the Courier Selection page.

> Open the :menuselection:`Courier Priority` page. Set a priority ranking to which orders are assigned
> and click :guilabel:`Save`. The courier is selected in Odoo based on this priority. For example, if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the :menuselection:`Courier Priority` page. Set a priority ranking for the assigned orders, then click :guilabel:`Save`. The courier is selected in Odoo based on this priority. For example, if
```
suggestion

:guilabel:`Cheapest` is selected, the most cost-effective courier is selected.

.. _inventory/shiprocket/enable:

Enable connector
================

The *Shiprocket Connector* must be enabled before a shipping method can be configured.

Navigate to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Settings`. In the *Shipping
Connectors* section, enable :guilabel:`Shiprocket Connector`, then click :guilabel:`Save`.

.. _inventory/shiprocket/configure:

Configure delivery method
=========================

Configure the Shiprocket delivery method in Odoo by going to :menuselection:`Inventory app -->
Configuration --> Delivery Methods`.

On the *Delivery Methods* page, open the :guilabel:`ShipRocket Domestic` shipping method, or click
:guilabel:`New`.

In the :guilabel:`Provider` field, select :guilabel:`Shiprocket` from the list of providers. Doing
so reveals the *Shiprocket Configuration* tab at the bottom of the form, where Shiprocket
credentials are entered.

For details to configure the other fields on the shipping method, such as :guilabel:`Delivery

> Product`, refer to the :doc:`new_delivery_method` documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details on configuring the other fields on the shipping method, such as :guilabel:`Delivery
Product`, refer to the :doc:`new_delivery_method` documentation.
```
suggestion

:ref:`inventory/shiprocket/sales-channel` step.

.. image:: shiprocket/method-form.png
   :alt: Complete the fields of the form to make the shipping method available.

Availability tab
----------------

Use the *Availability* tab to specify the :guilabel:`Countries` to which the shipping method should
apply. Shiprocket supports deliveries to over 220 countries.

Shipping information
--------------------

To use Shiprocket to generate shipping labels, the following information **must** be filled out
accurately and completely in Odoo:

#. **Customer information**: When creating a quotation, ensure the selected :guilabel:`Customer` has
   a valid phone number, email address, and shipping address.

   To verify, select the :guilabel:`Customer` field to open their contact page. Add their shipping
   address in the :guilabel:`Contact` field, along with their :guilabel:`Mobile` number and
   :guilabel:`Email` address.
#. **Product weight**: Ensure all products in a delivery order have a specified :guilabel:`Weight`
   in the *Inventory* tab of their product form. Refer to the
   :ref:`inventory/shipping_receiving/configure-weight` documentation for detailed instructions.

> #. **Warehouse address**: By default all packages are sent from the specified address in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. **Warehouse address**: By default, all packages are sent from the specified address in the
```
suggestion

   warehouse. Make sure to set the :guilabel:`Address` in the warehouse form.

Generate a Shiprocket label
===========================

When a quotation is created in Odoo, add the Shiprocket shipping method by clicking the

> :guilabel:`Add shipping` button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating a quotation in Odoo, add the Shiprocket shipping method by clicking the
:guilabel:`Add shipping` button.
```
suggestion

In the *Add a shipping method* pop-up window, select :guilabel:`Shiprocket` in the
:guilabel:`Shipping Method` field. Calculate the shipping rate by clicking :guilabel:`Get rate`.
Finally, click :guilabel:`Add` to include the cost of shipping to the sales order line, labeled as

> the *delivery product*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, click :guilabel:`Add` to include the shipping cost on the sales order line, labeled as
the *delivery product*.
```
suggestion

.. image:: shiprocket/sales-order.png
   :alt: Add Shiprocket shipping to a sales order.

.. note::
   Automatically calculate shipping costs for Shiprocket in **both** the **Sales** and **eCommerce**
   applications.

Then, :guilabel:`Validate` the delivery. Shipping label documents are automatically generated in the
chatter, which includes the following:

- **Shipping labels**, depending on the number of packages

> - **Tracking numbers**, if the selected courier supports it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Shipping labels**, depending on the number of packages.
- **Tracking numbers**, if the selected courier supports it.
```
Suggestion: added end punctuation.

.. image:: shiprocket/validated-delivery.png
   :alt: After the delivery is validated, a label is generated.

.. important::
   If the shipment is too heavy for the Shiprocket service that is configured, the weight is split

>    to simulate multiple packages. Products must be put in different packages to validate the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If the shipment is too heavy for the configured Shiprocket service, the weight is split
   to simulate multiple packages. Products must be put in different packages to validate the
```
suggestion

   transfer and generate labels.

Cancellations
-------------

> If a delivery order is cancelled in Odoo, it is automatically archived in Shiprocket. However, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a delivery order is canceled in Odoo, it is automatically archived in Shiprocket. However, the
```
correction: american spelling

cancellation will not be sent to the courier itself, so make sure to log in to the courier's

> platform to handle the cancellation manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cancellation will not be sent to the courier directly, so make sure to log in to the courier's
platform to handle it manually.
```
suggestion

> Turn on Shiprocket integration

Reviewer: Is there a reason why this section is last? Is this step automatic when configuring the delivery method? If so, add context in the intro. EX:  "To disable or enable the Shiprocket integration, navigate to..."

If this step must be done manually, I think it would be better to move it to after _Configure delivery method_. Or perhaps be the last subsection within the _Configure delivery method_ section.

==============================

After the Shiprocket connection is set up, use the smart buttons at the top of the form to publish,
turn on production mode, or activate debug logging.

- :guilabel:`Unpublished/Published`: Click this smart button to make this shipping method available
  on the **eCommerce** website.
- :guilabel:`Test Environment/Production Environment`: Click this smart button to specify that
  labels are for testing only and cancelled immediately (Test) or that real shipping labels can be
  generated and charged to the Shiprocket account (Production). In the Test environment, the amount

>   of the cancelled shipment is refunded in 3 to 4 days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Test Environment/Production Environment`: Click this smart button to specify whether
  labels are for testing only and are canceled immediately (Test), or whether real shipping labels can be
  generated and charged to the Shiprocket account (Production). In the Test environment, the amount
  of the canceled shipment is refunded in 3 to 4 days.
```
corrected the spelling to American English. added suggestion of whether over that.
